TESTING.md, before:

# Testing

This is the TESTING file for the [Stitchin]() website.

Return back to the [README.md](README.md) file.

## Testing Contents  
  
- [Testing](#testing)
  - [Testing Contents](#testing-contents)
  - [Validation](#validation)
    - [HTML Validation](#html-validation)
    - [JavaScript Validation](#javascript-validation)
    - [Python Validation](#python-validation)
    - [CSS Validation](#css-validation)
    - [Lighthouse Scores](#lighthouse-scores)
    - [Accessible Web Helper](#accessible-web-helper)
  - [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    - [User Input/Form Validation](#user-inputform-validation)
    - [Testing User Stories](#testing-user-stories)
  - [Bugs](#bugs)

## Validation

### HTML Validation

[HTML validation](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fstitchin-aa280977732a.herokuapp.com%2F)

![HTML validation](docs/testing/html_valid.png)

| HTML Source Code/Page | Errors | Warnings | Note                             |
| --------------------- | ------ | -------- | -------------------------------- |
| Home                  | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Sign In               | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| [Sign Up](docs/testing/html_signup.png)               | 4      | 0        | Error based on Django form       |
| Pattern Detail        | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Post Pattern          | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| [Delete Comment](docs/testing/html_delete_comment.png)        | 2      | 0        | Error based on ID for javascript |
| View Favourites       | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Log Out               | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Forgot Password       | 0      | 0        | 

### JavaScript Validation

[JSHint](https://jshint.com/) was used to validate the small amount of JavaScript code added to the project.

![JS validation on Pattern Form](docs/testing/js_pattern_form.png)

![JS validation on Comments](docs/testing/js_comments.png)

**Note:** The warning in the JavaScript validation for the `comments.js` file was due to `bootstrap` being defined in the `base.html` file.

### Python Validation

[CI Python Linter](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/#) was used to validate the Python files

<details>
    <summary>Validation on admin.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_admin.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on forms.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_forms.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on models.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_models.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on urls.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_urls.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on views.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_views.png">  
</details>

### CSS Validation 

[W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) was used to validate my CSS file.

![CSS validation](docs/testing/css_valid.png)
  
<hr> 
   
### Lighthouse Scores

Lighthouse testing was carried out in Incognito mode to achieve the best result.

**Desktop**  

![Lighthouse scores desktop](documentation/testing/desktop_lh.png)  
*Desktop Home Page*  
  
![Lighthouse scores desktop](documentation/testing/dt_pattern_lh.png)  
*Desktop Pattern Page*
  
**Mobile**  

![Lighthouse scores mobile](documentation/testing/mobile_lh.png) 
*Mobile Home Page*  
  
![Lighthouse scores mobile](documentation/testing/mob_pattern_lh.png) 
*Mobile Pattern Page*
  
<hr>  

### Accessible Web Helper

![Accessible Web Helper](documentation/testing/access_report.png)  

  
<hr>  

## Manual Testing

### User Input/Form Validation

Testing was carried out on desktop using a Chrome browser to ensure all forms take the intended input and process the input appropriately.

| Feature                | Expected Outcome                                                                 | User Input Required                                                                 | User Feedback Provided                                                                 | Pass/Fail | Fix |
|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----|
| Sign Up                | User can create a new account                                                    | Username, Email, Password                                                           | Success message, Redirect to login page                                               | Pass      | N/A |
| Sign In                | User can log in to their account                                                 | Username, Password                                                                  | Success message, Redirect to home page                                                | Pass      | N/A |
| Post Pattern           | User can post a new pattern                                                      | Title, Description, Difficulty Level, Craft, Yarn Weight, Size, Category, Image     | Success message, Redirect to pattern detail page                                      | Pass      | N/A |
| Edit Pattern           | User can edit their posted pattern                                               | Title, Description, Difficulty Level, Craft, Yarn Weight, Size, Category, Image     | Success message, Redirect to pattern detail page                                      | Pass      | N/A |
| Delete Pattern         | User can delete their posted pattern                                             | Confirmation                                                                        | Success message, Redirect to home page                                                | Pass      | N/A |
| Comment on Pattern     | User can comment on a pattern                                                    | Comment content                                                                     | Success message, Comment appears below the pattern                                    | Pass      | N/A |
| Edit Comment           | User can edit their comment                                                      | Updated comment content                                                             | Success message, Updated comment appears below the pattern                            | Pass      | N/A |
| Delete Comment         | User can delete their comment                                                    | Confirmation                                                                        | Success message, Comment is removed                                                   | Pass      | N/A |
| Add to Favourites      | User can add a pattern to their favourites                                       | Click on "Add to Favourites" button                                                 | Success message, Pattern appears in user's favourites list                            | Pass      | N/A |
| Remove from Favourites | User can remove a pattern from their favourites                                  | Click on "Remove from Favourites" button                                            | Success message, Pattern is removed from user's favourites list                       | Pass      | N/A |
| Search Patterns        | User can search for patterns by title or author                                  | Search query                                                                        | List of patterns matching the search query                                            | Pass      | N/A |
| View Pattern Details   | User can view the details of a pattern                                           | Click on pattern title                                                              | Pattern detail page is displayed                                                      | Pass      | N/A |
| View Favourites        | User can view their list of favourite patterns                                   | Click on "View Favourites" link                                                     | List of user's favourite patterns is displayed                                        | Pass      | N/A |
| Forgot Password        | User can reset their password if they forget it                                  | Email address                                                                       | Success message, Email with password reset link is sent                               | Pass      | N/A |
| Update Profile         | User can update their profile information                                        | Username, Email, Profile Picture                                                    | Success message, Updated profile information is displayed                             | Pass      | N/A |
| Log Out                | User can log out of their account                                                | Click on "Log Out" link                                                             | Success message, Redirect to home page                                                | Pass      | N/A |

### Testing User Stories

User Stories are documented in the [Stitchin GitHub Projects Board](https://github.com/users/catrinlam/projects/6).

| User Story                                                                                               | Met Acceptance Criteria                                                                 | Response                                                                                 | Pass/Fail | Fix |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----|
| As a **visitor**, I can **view patterns** so that I can **find inspiration for my own projects**.        | Patterns are displayed on the home page                                                  | Patterns are listed with titles, images, and brief descriptions                          | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **visitor**, I can **search for patterns** so that I can **find specific patterns easily**.         | Search bar is available on the home page                                                 | Patterns matching the search query are displayed                                         | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **post a new pattern** so that I can **share my creations with others**.  | Form to post a new pattern is available                                                  | Pattern is successfully posted and displayed on the home page                            | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **edit my pattern** so that I can **update the details if needed**.       | Edit button is available on the pattern detail page                                      | Pattern is successfully edited and updated details are displayed                         | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **delete my pattern** so that I can **remove it if needed**.              | Delete button is available on the pattern detail page                                    | Pattern is successfully deleted and removed from the home page                           | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **comment on a pattern** so that I can **share my thoughts and feedback**.| Comment form is available on the pattern detail page                                     | Comment is successfully posted and displayed below the pattern                           | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **edit my comment** so that I can **correct or improve it**.              | Edit button is available next to the comment                                             | Comment is successfully edited and updated comment is displayed                          | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **delete my comment** so that I can **remove it if needed**.              | Delete button is available next to the comment                                           | Comment is successfully deleted and removed from the pattern detail page                 | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **add a pattern to my favourites** so that I can **easily find it later**.| "Add to Favourites" button is available on the pattern detail page                       | Pattern is successfully added to favourites and displayed in the user's favourites list  | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **remove a pattern from my favourites** so that I can **manage my list**. | "Remove from Favourites" button is available on the pattern detail page                  | Pattern is successfully removed from favourites and no longer displayed in the list      | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **view my favourite patterns** so that I can **quickly access them**.     | "View Favourites" link is available in the user profile                                  | List of favourite patterns is displayed                                                   | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **update my profile information** so that I can **keep it up to date**.   | Form to update profile information is available in the user profile                      | Profile information is successfully updated and displayed                                | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **log out of my account** so that I can **end my session securely**.      | "Log Out" link is available in the user profile                                          | User is successfully logged out and redirected to the home page                          | Pass      | N/A |

<hr>
  
## Bugs  
  
| No. | Bug | Solved | Fix | Solution Credit | Commit no. |
| --- | ---------------- | ---- | ------------- | -------------- | ------------|
| 1   | Pattern image upload not working | Yes | Updated form enctype to "multipart/form-data" | Self | abc123 |
| 2   | Comment edit button not visible | Yes | Added condition to check if user is the author of the comment | Self | def456 |
| 3   | Search functionality not returning results | Yes | Fixed query in the view to search by title and author | Self | ghi789 |

Commit message:

Fix html validation errors; update signup form layout and validation; update comment handling in templates and JavaScript; adjust CSS styles for consistency

TESTING.md, after:

# Testing

This is the TESTING file for the [Stitchin]() website.

Return back to the [README.md](README.md) file.

## Testing Contents  
  
- [Testing](#testing)
  - [Testing Contents](#testing-contents)
  - [Validation](#validation)
    - [HTML Validation](#html-validation)
    - [JavaScript Validation](#javascript-validation)
    - [Python Validation](#python-validation)
    - [CSS Validation](#css-validation)
    - [Lighthouse Scores](#lighthouse-scores)
    - [Accessible Web Helper](#accessible-web-helper)
  - [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    - [User Input/Form Validation](#user-inputform-validation)
    - [Testing User Stories](#testing-user-stories)
  - [Bugs](#bugs)

## Validation

### HTML Validation

[HTML validation](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fstitchin-aa280977732a.herokuapp.com%2F)

![HTML validation](docs/testing/html_valid.png)

| HTML Source Code/Page | Errors | Warnings | Note                             |
| --------------------- | ------ | -------- | -------------------------------- |
| Home                  | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Sign In               | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| [Sign Up](docs/testing/html_signup.png)               | 1      | 0        | Error based on built-in Django form       |
| Pattern Detail        | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Post Pattern          | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Delete Comment        | 0      | 0        | |
| View Favourites       | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Log Out               | 0      | 0        |                                  |
| Forgot Password       | 0      | 0        | 

### JavaScript Validation

[JSHint](https://jshint.com/) was used to validate the small amount of JavaScript code added to the project.

![JS validation on Pattern Form](docs/testing/js_pattern_form.png)

![JS validation on Comments](docs/testing/js_comments.png)

**Note:** The warning in the JavaScript validation for the `comments.js` file was due to `bootstrap` being defined in the `base.html` file.

**Note:** The `/*jshint esversion: 6 */` directive was added to the top of the JavaScript files to specify the ECMAScript version.

### Python Validation

[CI Python Linter](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/#) was used to validate the Python files

<details>
    <summary>Validation on admin.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_admin.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on forms.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_forms.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on models.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_models.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on urls.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_urls.png">  
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Validation on views.py: No errors found</summary>  
    <img src="docs/testing/py_views.png">  
</details>

### CSS Validation 

[W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) was used to validate my CSS file.

![CSS validation](docs/testing/css_valid.png)
  
<hr> 
   
### Lighthouse Scores

Lighthouse testing was carried out in Incognito mode to achieve the best result.

**Desktop**  

![Lighthouse scores desktop](documentation/testing/desktop_lh.png)  
*Desktop Home Page*  
  
![Lighthouse scores desktop](documentation/testing/dt_pattern_lh.png)  
*Desktop Pattern Page*
  
**Mobile**  

![Lighthouse scores mobile](documentation/testing/mobile_lh.png) 
*Mobile Home Page*  
  
![Lighthouse scores mobile](documentation/testing/mob_pattern_lh.png) 
*Mobile Pattern Page*
  
<hr>  

### Accessible Web Helper

![Accessible Web Helper](documentation/testing/access_report.png)  

  
<hr>  

## Manual Testing

### User Input/Form Validation

Testing was carried out on desktop using a Chrome browser to ensure all forms take the intended input and process the input appropriately.

| Feature                | Expected Outcome                                                                 | User Input Required                                                                 | User Feedback Provided                                                                 | Pass/Fail | Fix |
|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----|
| Sign Up                | User can create a new account                                                    | Username, Email, Password                                                           | Success message, Redirect to login page                                               | Pass      | N/A |
| Sign In                | User can log in to their account                                                 | Username, Password                                                                  | Success message, Redirect to home page                                                | Pass      | N/A |
| Post Pattern           | User can post a new pattern                                                      | Title, Description, Difficulty Level, Craft, Yarn Weight, Size, Category, Image     | Success message, Redirect to pattern detail page                                      | Pass      | N/A |
| Edit Pattern           | User can edit their posted pattern                                               | Title, Description, Difficulty Level, Craft, Yarn Weight, Size, Category, Image     | Success message, Redirect to pattern detail page                                      | Pass      | N/A |
| Delete Pattern         | User can delete their posted pattern                                             | Confirmation                                                                        | Success message, Redirect to home page                                                | Pass      | N/A |
| Comment on Pattern     | User can comment on a pattern                                                    | Comment content                                                                     | Success message, Comment appears below the pattern                                    | Pass      | N/A |
| Edit Comment           | User can edit their comment                                                      | Updated comment content                                                             | Success message, Updated comment appears below the pattern                            | Pass      | N/A |
| Delete Comment         | User can delete their comment                                                    | Confirmation                                                                        | Success message, Comment is removed                                                   | Pass      | N/A |
| Add to Favourites      | User can add a pattern to their favourites                                       | Click on "Add to Favourites" button                                                 | Success message, Pattern appears in user's favourites list                            | Pass      | N/A |
| Remove from Favourites | User can remove a pattern from their favourites                                  | Click on "Remove from Favourites" button                                            | Success message, Pattern is removed from user's favourites list                       | Pass      | N/A |
| Search Patterns        | User can search for patterns by title or author                                  | Search query                                                                        | List of patterns matching the search query                                            | Pass      | N/A |
| View Pattern Details   | User can view the details of a pattern                                           | Click on pattern title                                                              | Pattern detail page is displayed                                                      | Pass      | N/A |
| View Favourites        | User can view their list of favourite patterns                                   | Click on "View Favourites" link                                                     | List of user's favourite patterns is displayed                                        | Pass      | N/A |
| Forgot Password        | User can reset their password if they forget it                                  | Email address                                                                       | Success message, Email with password reset link is sent                               | Pass      | N/A |
| Update Profile         | User can update their profile information                                        | Username, Email, Profile Picture                                                    | Success message, Updated profile information is displayed                             | Pass      | N/A |
| Log Out                | User can log out of their account                                                | Click on "Log Out" link                                                             | Success message, Redirect to home page                                                | Pass      | N/A |

### Testing User Stories

User Stories are documented in the [Stitchin GitHub Projects Board](https://github.com/users/catrinlam/projects/6).

| User Story                                                                                               | Met Acceptance Criteria                                                                 | Response                                                                                 | Pass/Fail | Fix |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----|
| As a **visitor**, I can **view patterns** so that I can **find inspiration for my own projects**.        | Patterns are displayed on the home page                                                  | Patterns are listed with titles, images, and brief descriptions                          | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **visitor**, I can **search for patterns** so that I can **find specific patterns easily**.         | Search bar is available on the home page                                                 | Patterns matching the search query are displayed                                         | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **post a new pattern** so that I can **share my creations with others**.  | Form to post a new pattern is available                                                  | Pattern is successfully posted and displayed on the home page                            | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **edit my pattern** so that I can **update the details if needed**.       | Edit button is available on the pattern detail page                                      | Pattern is successfully edited and updated details are displayed                         | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **delete my pattern** so that I can **remove it if needed**.              | Delete button is available on the pattern detail page                                    | Pattern is successfully deleted and removed from the home page                           | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **comment on a pattern** so that I can **share my thoughts and feedback**.| Comment form is available on the pattern detail page                                     | Comment is successfully posted and displayed below the pattern                           | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **edit my comment** so that I can **correct or improve it**.              | Edit button is available next to the comment                                             | Comment is successfully edited and updated comment is displayed                          | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **delete my comment** so that I can **remove it if needed**.              | Delete button is available next to the comment                                           | Comment is successfully deleted and removed from the pattern detail page                 | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **add a pattern to my favourites** so that I can **easily find it later**.| "Add to Favourites" button is available on the pattern detail page                       | Pattern is successfully added to favourites and displayed in the user's favourites list  | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **remove a pattern from my favourites** so that I can **manage my list**. | "Remove from Favourites" button is available on the pattern detail page                  | Pattern is successfully removed from favourites and no longer displayed in the list      | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **view my favourite patterns** so that I can **quickly access them**.     | "View Favourites" link is available in the user profile                                  | List of favourite patterns is displayed                                                   | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **update my profile information** so that I can **keep it up to date**.   | Form to update profile information is available in the user profile                      | Profile information is successfully updated and displayed                                | Pass      | N/A |
| As a **logged in user**, I can **log out of my account** so that I can **end my session securely**.      | "Log Out" link is available in the user profile                                          | User is successfully logged out and redirected to the home page                          | Pass      | N/A |

<hr>
  
## Bugs  
  
| No. | Bug | Solved | Fix | Solution Credit | Commit no. |
| --- | ---------------- | ---- | ------------- | -------------- | ------------|
| 1   | Pattern image upload not working | Yes | Updated form enctype to "multipart/form-data" | Self | abc123 |
| 2   | Comment edit button not visible | Yes | Added condition to check if user is the author of the comment | Self | def456 |
| 3   | Search functionality not returning results | Yes | Fixed query in the view to search by title and author | Self | ghi789 |
